
@title
The Application Shell

@intro
Building the basic application structure

@description

## Create a new application
If you have not yet, **install the [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli)**.

<code-example language="sh" class="code-shell">

  npm install -g @angular/cli

</code-example>  

Create a new project named <code>angular-tour-of-heroes</code>.

<code-example language="sh" class="code-shell">

  ng new angular-tour-of-heroes

</code-example> 

## Serve the application

Go to the project directory and launch the server.

<code-example language="sh" class="code-shell">

  cd angular-tour-of-heroes
  ng serve --open

</code-example>

<div class="l-sub-section">
  
  The `ng serve` command launches the server, watches your files,
  and rebuilds the app as you make changes to those files.

  Using the `--open` (or just `-o`) option will automatically open your browser
  on `http://localhost:4200/`.

</div>

## Open the project

The Angular CLI will have generated a new project, with all of the scaffolding for a new project.  You should see the app running in your browser.  Using your favorite, IDE, open up the project and get ready to edit.

## Add an application title

Change the `title` property in the `AppComponent` to ‘Tour of Heroes’.

<code-example path="toh-pt0/src/app/app.component.ts" region="set-title" title="app.component.ts (AppComponent class)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

Delete the default template generated by the Angular CLI in the component’s template file, `app.component.html`, and replace it with a data binding to this new property.  

<code-example path="toh-pt0/src/app/app.component.html" region="title-property" title="app.component.html (AppComponent's template)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

The double curly braces are Angular's *interpolation binding* syntax.
These interpolation bindings present the component's `title` property value, as a string, inside the HTML header tag.

The browser refreshes and displays the application title.

Your app should look like this <live-example></live-example>. Here are the code files discussed on this page. 


<code-tabs>

  <code-pane title="src/app/app.component.ts" path="toh-pt0/src/app/app.component.ts">

  </code-pane>

  <code-pane title="src/app/app.component.html" path="toh-pt0/src/app/app.component.html">

  </code-pane>

</code-tabs>

## Summary

* You create the initial application using the Angular CLI.
* The Tour of Heroes app uses the double curly braces of interpolation to display the app title. 