@title
Master/Detail

@intro
Refactor the master/detail view into separate components.

@description


<<<<<<< HEAD
At the moment, the `HeroesComponent` displays both the list of heroes and the selected heroe's details. As the application grows, it will not be maintainable to keep all features in one component.

You'll need to break it up into sub-components, each focused on a specific task or workflow. In this page, you'll create a master/detail experience by carving out the hero details into a separate, reusable component.

## Make a hero detail component

Using the Angular CLI, generate a new component named `hero-detail`.
=======
The `AppComponent` is the center of the application at the moment.
In the beginning, it showed details of a single hero.
Then it became a master/detail form with both a list of heroes and the hero detail.
Soon there will be new requirements and capabilities.
As the application grows, it will not be maintainable to keep all features in one component.

You'll need to break it up into sub-components, each focused on a specific task or workflow.
Eventually, the `AppComponent` could become a simple shell that hosts those sub-components.

In this page, you'll take the first step in that direction by carving out the hero details into a separate, reusable component.


<font color="red">TODO:  THE LIVE EXAMPLES NEED TO BE FIXED THROUGHOUT</font>
When you're done with this page, the app should look like this <live-example></live-example>.

## Make a hero detail component
Generate a new component named `hero-detail.component` using the Angular CLI.

<code-example language="sh" class="code-shell">
  ng generate component hero-detail.component
</code-example>

The component names follow the standard described in the Angular
[style guide](guide/styleguide#naming).
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

<code-example language="sh" class="code-shell">

<<<<<<< HEAD
  ng generate component hero-detail

</code-example>

### Hero detail template
=======
* The component _file_ name should be spelled in [_lower dash case_](guide/glossary#dash-case),
each word separated by dashes, and end in `.component.ts`.
The `HeroDetailComponent` class goes in the `hero-detail.component.ts` file.

The `HeroDetailComponent` generated by the Angular CLI will appear as follows:


<code-example path="toh-pt3/app/hero-detail.component.1.ts" region="v1" title="app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts (initial version)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

{@a selector}


To define a component, you always import the `Component` symbol.

The `@Component` decorator provides the Angular metadata for the component.
The CSS selector name, `hero-detail`, will match the element tag
that identifies this component within a parent component's template.

Always `export` the component class because you'll always `import` it elsewhere.

## Declare _HeroDetailComponent_ in the _AppModule_
Every component must be declared in one&mdash;and only one&mdash;Angular module.  When you created the new `HeroDetailComponent` using the Angular CLI, the CLI declared the `HeroDetailComponent` within the _AppModule_ both by importing the component as shown here:

<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/app.module.ts" region="hero-detail-import" title="src/app/app.module.ts">

</code-example>

and adding the `HeroDetailComponent` to the module's `declarations` array as shown here:

<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/app.module.ts" region="declarations" title="src/app/app.module.ts" linenums="false">

</code-example>


In general, the `declarations` array contains a list of application components, pipes, and directives that belong to the module.
A component must be declared in a module before other components can reference it.
This module declares only the two application components, `AppComponent` and `HeroDetailComponent`.


### Hero detail template
To move the hero detail view to the `HeroDetailComponent`,
cut the hero detail _content_ from the bottom of the `AppComponent` template
and paste it into the `HeroDetailComponent`'s template.
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

To move the hero detail view to the `HeroDetailComponent`, cut the hero detail _content_ from the bottom of the `HeroesComponent` template and replace the boilerplate text in the `HeroDetailComponent`'s template.

The `HeroDetailComponent` has a _hero_, not a _selected hero_. Replace the word, "selectedHero", with the word, "hero", everywhere in the template. When you're done, the new template should look like this:

<<<<<<< HEAD
<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.html" title="src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.html" linenums="false">
=======
<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.html" region="template" title="src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.html" linenums="false">
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

</code-example>


### Add the *hero* property

The `HeroDetailComponent` template binds to the component's `hero` property.
Add that property to the `HeroDetailComponent` class like this:

<code-example path="toh-pt3/app/hero-detail.component.1.ts" region="hero" title="src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts (hero property)">

</code-example>

The `hero` property is typed as an instance of `Hero`. The `Hero` class is still in the `heroes.component.ts` file. Now there are two components that need to reference the `Hero` class. 

The Angular [style guide](guide/styleguide#rule-of-one "Style guide: rule of one") recommends one class per file.

<<<<<<< HEAD
Move the `Hero` class from `app.component.ts` to its own `hero.ts` file by creating a new class called `hero`.

<code-example language="sh" class="code-shell">

  ng generate class hero
=======
The `hero` property is typed as an instance of `Hero`.
The `Hero` class is still in the `app.component.ts` file.
Now there are two components that need to reference the `Hero` class.
The Angular [style guide](guide/styleguide#rule-of-one "Style guide: rule of one") recommends one class per file.

Move the `Hero` class from `app.component.ts` to its own `hero.ts` file.   Generate a new class called `hero` using the Angular CLI:

<code-example language="sh" class="code-shell">
  ng generate class hero
</code-example>

Move the `Hero` class definition from `app.component.ts` into the new `hero.ts` file
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero.ts" title="src/app/hero.ts" linenums="false">
</code-example>

Move the `Hero` class definition from `heroes.component.ts` into the new `hero.ts` file

<<<<<<< HEAD
<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero.ts" title="src/app/hero.ts" linenums="false">
=======
Now that the `Hero` class is in its own file, the `AppComponent` and the `HeroDetailComponent` have to import it.

Add the following `import` statement near the top of the `app.component.ts`.

<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/app.component.ts" region="hero-import" title="src/app/app.component.ts" linenums="false">
</code-example>

Add the following `import` statement near the top of the `hero-detail.component.ts` file.
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

<code-example path="toh-pt3/app/hero-detail.component.1.ts" region="hero-detail-import" title="src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts">
</code-example>

Now that the `Hero` class is in its own file, the `HeroesComponent` and the `HeroDetailComponent` have to import it.

Add the following `import` statement near the top of both the `heroes.component.ts` and the `hero-detail.component.ts` files.

<<<<<<< HEAD
<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/heroes/heroes.component.ts" region="import-hero" linenums="false">
=======
### The *hero* property is an *input* property

Later in the tutorial, the parent `AppComponent` will tell the child `HeroDetailComponent` which hero to display by binding its `selectedHero` to the `hero` property of the `HeroDetailComponent`. The binding will look like this:

<code-example path="toh-pt3/app/app.component.1.html" region="hero-detail-binding" title="src/app/app.component.html" linenums="false">
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

</code-example>

### The *hero* property is an *input* property

<<<<<<< HEAD
Later in the tutorial, the parent `HeroesComponent` will tell the child `HeroDetailComponent` which hero to display by binding its `selectedHero` to the `hero` property of the `HeroDetailComponent`. The binding will look like this:

<code-example path="toh-pt3/app/heroes-component.1.html" region="hero-detail-binding" linenums="false">
=======
Putting square brackets around the `hero` property, to the left of the equal sign (=), makes it the *target* of a property binding expression.
You must declare a *target* binding property to be an *input* property.
Otherwise, Angular rejects the binding and throws an error.

First, amend the `@angular/core` import statement to include the `Input` symbol.

<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts" region="import-input" title="src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts (excerpt)" linenums="false">
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

</code-example>

Putting square brackets around the `hero` property, to the left of the equal sign (=), makes it the *target* of a property binding expression. You must declare a *target* binding property to be an *input* property. Otherwise, Angular rejects the binding and throws an error.

<<<<<<< HEAD
First, amend the `@angular/core` import statement in the `HeroDetailComponent` to include the `Input` symbol.

<code-example path="toh-pt3/app/hero-detail.component.1.ts" region="import-input" title="src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts (excerpt)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

Then declare that `hero` is an *input* property by preceding it with the `@Input` decorator that you imported earlier.

<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts" region="hero" title="src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts (excerpt)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

=======
Then declare that `hero` is an *input* property by
preceding it with the `@Input` decorator that you imported earlier.

<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts" region="hero" title="src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts (excerpt)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI
The `hero` property is the only thing in the `HeroDetailComponent` class. All it does is receive a hero object through its `hero` input property and then bind to that property with its template.

Here's the complete `HeroDetailComponent`.

<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts" title="src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts">
=======
=======
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI
=======
>>>>>>> restructure of tutorial for appshell
<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero-detail.component.ts" title="src/app/hero-detail.component.ts">

</code-example>




## Declare _HeroDetailComponent_ in the _AppModule_
Every component must be declared in one&mdash;and only one&mdash;NgModule.

Open `app.module.ts` in your editor and import the `HeroDetailComponent` so you can refer to it.

<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/app.module.ts" region="hero-detail-import" title="src/app/app.module.ts">

</code-example>



Add `HeroDetailComponent` to the module's `declarations` array.


<code-example path="toh-pt3/src/app/app.module.ts" region="declarations" title="src/app/app.module.ts" linenums="false">
>>>>>>> docs(aio): change Angular Module to NgModule (#16964)

</code-example>


<<<<<<< HEAD
=======

In general, the `declarations` array contains a list of application components, pipes, and directives that belong to the module.
A component must be declared in a module before other components can reference it.
This module declares only the two application components, `AppComponent` and `HeroDetailComponent`.

<div class="l-sub-section">



Read more about NgModules in the [NgModules](guide/ngmodule "NgModules") guide.


</div>



<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
>>>>>>> docs(aio): change Angular Module to NgModule (#16964)
=======
=======
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI
=======
>>>>>>> restructure of tutorial for appshell
{@a add-hero-detail}



## Add the _HeroDetailComponent_ to the _HeroesComponent_

The `HeroesComponent` is still a master/detail view. It used to display the hero details on its own, before you cut out that portion of the template. Now it will delegate to the `HeroDetailComponent`.

Add an `<app-hero-detail>` element near the bottom of the `HeroesComponent` template,
where the hero detail view used to be.  Coordinate the master `HeroesComponent` with the `HeroDetailComponent` by binding the `selectedHero` property of the `HeroesComponent`
to the `hero` property of the `HeroDetailComponent`.

<<<<<<< HEAD
<code-example path="toh-pt3/app/heroes-component.1.html" region="hero-detail-binding" title="heroes.component.html (excerpt)" linenums="false">
=======
<code-example path="toh-pt3/app/app.component.1.html" region="hero-detail-binding" title="app.component.html (excerpt)" linenums="false">
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

</code-example>

Now, every time the `selectedHero` changes, the `HeroDetailComponent` gets a new hero to display.

The revised `HeroesComponent` template should look like this:

<<<<<<< HEAD
<code-example path="toh-pt3/app/heroes-component.1.html" region="hero-detail-template" title="heroes.component.html" linenums="false">
=======
Now every time the `selectedHero` changes, the `HeroDetailComponent` gets a new hero to display.

The revised `AppComponent` template should look like this:


<code-example path="toh-pt3/app/app.component.1.html" region="hero-detail-template" title="app.component.html" linenums="false">
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

</code-example>


## What changed?
As [before](tutorial/toh-pt2), whenever a user clicks on a hero name,
the hero detail appears below the hero list.
But now the `HeroDetailView` is presenting those details.

Refactoring the original `HeroesComponent` into two components yields benefits, both now and in the future:

1. You simplified the `HeroesComponent` by reducing its responsibilities.

1. You can evolve the `HeroDetailComponent` into a rich hero editor
without touching the parent `HeroesComponent`.

1. You can evolve the `HeroesComponent` without touching the hero detail view.

1. You can re-use the `HeroDetailComponent` in the template of some future parent component.

<<<<<<< HEAD
Here are the code files discussed on this page and your app should look like this <live-example></live-example>.

<code-tabs>

  <code-pane title="src/app/hero.ts" path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero.ts">
  
  </code-pane>

  <code-pane title="src/app/heroes/heros-component.ts" path="toh-pt3/src/app/heroes/heroes.component.ts">
  
=======
Here are the code files discussed in this page.


<code-tabs>

  <code-pane title="src/app/app.component.ts" path="toh-pt3/src/app/app.component.ts">

>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI
  </code-pane>

  <code-pane title="src/app/heroes/heros-component.html" path="toh-pt3/src/app/heroes/heroes.component.html">
  
  </code-pane>

  <code-pane title="src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts" path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts">
  
  </code-pane>

  <code-pane title="src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.html" path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.html">
  
  </code-pane>

  <code-pane title="src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts" path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.ts">

  </code-pane>

<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
  <code-pane title="src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.html" path="toh-pt3/src/app/hero-detail/hero-detail.component.html">

  </code-pane>
</code-tabs>



>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI
## Summary

* You created a reusable component.
* You learned how to make a component accept input.
<<<<<<< HEAD
* You learned to bind a parent component to a child component.
=======
* You learned to declare the required application directives in an NgModule. You
listed the directives in the `@NgModule` decorator's `declarations` array.
* You learned to bind a parent component to a child component.

<<<<<<< HEAD
Your app should look like this <live-example></live-example>.



## The road ahead
The Tour of Heroes app is more reusable with shared components,
but its (mock) data is still hard coded within the `AppComponent`.
That's not sustainable.
Data access should be refactored to a separate service
and shared among the components that need data.

You’ll learn to create services in the [next tutorial](tutorial/toh-pt4 "Services") page.
>>>>>>> docs(aio): change Angular Module to NgModule (#16964)
=======
<font color="red">THE LIVE EXAMPLES NEED TO BE UPDATED</font>
Your app should look like this <live-example></live-example>.
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI
