
@title
The Hero Editor

@intro
Build a simple hero editor.

@description

The application now has a basic title.  Next you will add hero information starting with a hero name.

<<<<<<< HEAD
## Create the heroes component

Using the Angular CLI, generate a new component named `heroes`.

<code-example language="sh" class="code-shell">

  ng generate component heroes

</code-example>

The generated `HeroesComponent` will appear as follows:

<code-example path="toh-pt1/app/heroes.component.1.ts" region="initial-component" title="app/heroes/heroes.component.ts (initial version)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

{@a selector}

To define a component, you always import the `Component` symbol.

The `@Component` decorator provides the Angular metadata for the component. The CSS selector name, `app-heroes`, will match the element tag that identifies this component within a parent component's template.

Always `export` the component class because you'll always `import` it elsewhere.

## Declare _HeroesComponent_ in the _AppModule_

Every component must be declared in one&mdash;and only one&mdash;Angular module.  When you created the new `HeroesComponent`, the Angular CLI declared the `HeroesComponent` within the _AppModule_ both by importing the component as shown here:

<code-example path="toh-pt1/app/app.module.1.ts" region="heroes-import" >

</code-example>

and adding the `HeroesComponent` to the module's `declarations` array as shown here:

<code-example path="toh-pt1/app/app.module.1.ts" region="declarations">

</code-example>


In general, the `declarations` array contains a list of application components, pipes, and directives that belong to the module. A component must be declared in a module before other components can reference it. This module declares the two application components, `AppComponent` and `HeroesComponent`.

## Add the _HeroesComponent_ view

In order for the application to display the `HeroesComponent` view, you must add the view to the `AppComponent`'s template.  `app-heroes` is the CSS selector in the HeroesComponent metadata. 

In the `app.component.html` file, below the `title` property, add the `<app-heroes>` selector.

<code-example path="toh-pt1/app/app.component.1.html" region="heroes-component" title="app.component.html (AppComponent template)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

## Show the hero

Add a `hero` property to the `HeroesComponent` for a hero named "Windstorm."
=======
## Create a new application
If you have not yet, **install the [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli)**.

<code-example language="sh" class="code-shell">
  npm install -g @angular/cli
</code-example>  

Create a new project
named <code>angular-tour-of-heroes</code>.

<code-example language="sh" class="code-shell">
  ng new angular-tour-of-heroes
</code-example> 

<font color="red">TODO:  THE LIVE EXAMPLES NEED TO BE FIXED THROUGHOUT</font>
When you're done with this page, the app should look like this <live-example></live-example>.

## Serve the application
Go to the project directory and launch the server.

<code-example language="sh" class="code-shell">
  cd angular-tour-of-heroes
  ng serve --open
</code-example>

<div class="l-sub-section">
  
  The `ng serve` command launches the server, watches your files,
  and rebuilds the app as you make changes to those files.

  Using the `--open` (or just `-o`) option will automatically open your browser
  on `http://localhost:4200/`.
</div>

## Open the project
The Angular CLI will have created your project with all the scaffolding required and you should see the default Angular CLI app running in your browser.  Using your favorite, IDE, open up the project and get ready to edit your app.

## Show the hero
In the `app.component.ts` file, change the title property to ‘Tour of Heroes’ then add a `hero` property to the `AppComponent` for a hero named "Windstorm."
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

<code-example path="toh-pt1/app/heroes.component.1.ts" region="add-hero" title="heroes.component.ts (HeroesComponent class)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

<<<<<<< HEAD
Delete the default text generated by the Angular CLI in the component’s template file ,`heroes.component.html`, and replace it with a data binding to this new property.  

<code-example path="toh-pt1/app/heroes.component.1.html" region="show-hero-1" title="heroes.component.html (HeroesComponent's template)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

The browser refreshes and displays the application title and the hero name.
=======
Update the template in the component’s template file, `app.component.html`, with data bindings to these new properties.  

Delete the default template generated by the CLI and replace it with the following code:

<code-example path="toh-pt1/app/app.component.1.html" region="show-hero" title="app.component.html (AppComponent's template)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

The double curly braces are Angular's *interpolation binding* syntax.
These interpolation bindings present the component's `title` and `hero` property values, as strings, inside the HTML header tags.

The browser refreshes and displays the title and hero name.

>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

### Hero object

The hero needs more properties. Convert the `hero` from a literal string to a class.

Create a `Hero` class with `id` and `name` properties. Add these properties near the top of the `heroes.component.ts` file, just below the import statement.

<code-example path="toh-pt1/src/app/heroes/heroes.component.ts" region="hero-class-1" title="src/app/heroes/heroes.component.ts (Hero class)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

<<<<<<< HEAD
In the `HeroesComponent` class, refactor the component's `hero` property to be of type `Hero`, then initialize it with an `id` of `1` and the name `Windstorm`.

<code-example path="toh-pt1/src/app/heroes/heroes.component.ts" region="hero-property-1" title="src/app/heroes/heroes.component.ts (hero property)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

Because you changed the hero from a string to an object, update the binding in the template to refer to the hero's `name` property and add the hero's details to the view:

<code-example path="toh-pt1/app/heroes.component.1.html" region="show-hero-3" title="heroes.component.html (HeroesComponent's template)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

The browser refreshes and display's the hero's information.
=======
In the `AppComponent` class, refactor the component's `hero` property to be of type `Hero`, then initialize it with an `id` of `1` and the name `Windstorm`.

<code-example path="toh-pt1/src/app/app.component.ts" region="hero-property-1" title="src/app/app.component.ts (hero property)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

Because you changed the hero from a string to an object,
update the binding in the template to refer to the hero's `name` property.

<code-example path="toh-pt1/app/app.component.1.html" region="show-hero-2" title="src/app/app.component.html (AppComponent's template)">

</code-example>

The browser refreshes and continues to display the hero's name.

### Adding the hero details

To show all of the hero's properties,
add a `<div>` for the hero's `id` property and another `<div>` for the hero's `name`.

<code-example path="toh-pt1/app/app.component.1.html" region="show-hero-3" title="app.component.html (AppComponent's template)" linenums="false">

</code-example>

>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

## Edit the hero name

Users should be able to edit the hero name in an `<input>` textbox.
The textbox should both _display_ the hero's `name` property
and _update_ that property as the user types.

You need a two-way binding between the `<input>` form element and the `hero.name` property.

### Two-way binding

Refactor the hero name in the template so it looks like this:

<<<<<<< HEAD
<code-example path="toh-pt1/app/heroes.component.1.html" region="name-input" title="src/app/heroes/heroes.component.html (HeroesComponent's template)" linenums="false">
=======
<code-example path="toh-pt1/app/app.component.1.html" region="name-input" title="src/app/app.component.html (AppComponent's template)" linenums="false">
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

</code-example>


<<<<<<< HEAD
`[(ngModel)]` is the Angular syntax to bind the `hero.name` property to the textbox. Data flows _in both directions:_ from the property to the textbox, and from the textbox back to the property.

Notice that immediately after this change, the application breaks. To see the error, look in the browser console, you will see an Angular error message indicating that "`ngModel` ... isn't a known property of `input`."

Although `NgModel` is a valid Angular directive, it isn't available by default. It belongs to the optional `FormsModule`. You must opt-in by importing the `FormsModule` to your application in order to access the `NgModel` directive.

### Import the _FormsModule_

Open the `app.module.ts` file and import the `FormsModule` symbol from the `@angular/forms` library. Then add the `FormsModule` to the `@NgModule` metadata's `imports` array, which contains the list of external modules that the app uses.
=======
`[(ngModel)]` is the Angular syntax to bind the `hero.name` property
to the textbox.
Data flows _in both directions:_ from the property to the textbox,
and from the textbox back to the property.

Notice that immediately after this change, the application breaks.
To see the error, look in the browser console, you will see an Angular error message indicating that
"`ngModel` ... isn't a known property of `input`."

Although `NgModel` is a valid Angular directive, it isn't available by default.
It belongs to the optional `FormsModule`.
You must opt-in by importing the `FormsModule` to your application in order to access the `NgModel` directive.

### Import the _FormsModule_

Open the `app.module.ts` file and import the `FormsModule` symbol from the `@angular/forms` library.
Then add the `FormsModule` to the `@NgModule` metadata's `imports` array, which contains the list
of external modules that the app uses.
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI

<code-example path="toh-pt1/src/app/app.module.ts" title="app.module.ts (FormsModule import)">
</code-example>

<<<<<<< HEAD
When the browser refreshes, the app should work again. You can edit the hero's name and see the changes reflected immediately in the `<h2>` above the textbox.


Your app should look like this <live-example></live-example>. Here are the code files discussed on this page.

<code-tabs>

  <code-pane title="src/app/app.module.ts" path="toh-pt1/src/app/app.module.ts">
  </code-pane>

  <code-pane title="src/app/app.component.ts" path="toh-pt1/src/app/app.component.ts">
  </code-pane>

  <code-pane title="src/app/app.component.html" path="toh-pt1/src/app/app.component.html">
  </code-pane>

  <code-pane title="src/app/heroes/heroes.component.html" path="toh-pt1/src/app/heroes/heroes.component.html">
  </code-pane>

  <code-pane title="src/app/heroes/heroes.component.ts" path="toh-pt1/src/app/heroes/heroes.component.ts">
  </code-pane>

</code-tabs>

## Summary
 
* You learned to declare the required application directives in an Angular module. 
* You listed the directives in the `NgModule` decorator's `declarations` array.
=======
When the browser refreshes, the app should work again.
You can edit the hero's name and see the changes reflected immediately in the `<h2>` above the textbox.

## Summary

* The Tour of Heroes app uses the double curly braces of interpolation to display the app title and properties of a `Hero` object. 
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI
* You added a two-way data binding to the `<input>` element
using the built-in `ngModel` directive. This binding both displays the hero's name and allows users to change it.
* The `ngModel` directive propagates changes to every other binding of the `hero.name`.

<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<font color="red">TODO:  THE LIVE EXAMPLES NEED TO BE FIXED THROUGHOUT  </font>
Your app should look like this <live-example></live-example>.

Here are the code files discussed in this page.

<code-tabs>

  <code-pane title="src/app/app.component.ts" path="toh-pt1/src/app/app.component.ts">

  </code-pane>

  <code-pane title="src/app/app.component.html" path="toh-pt1/src/app/app.component.html">

  </code-pane>

</code-tabs>
>>>>>>> updating first few sections with CLI
